Remove-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy (#917)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-v1.0/Microsoft.Graph.Entra/Remove-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy.md

---
title: Remove-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy
description: This article provides details on the Remove-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy command.

ms.topic: reference
ms.date: 07/22/2024
ms.author: eunicewaweru
ms.reviewer: stevemutungi
manager: CelesteDG
author: msewaweru

external help file: Microsoft.Graph.Entra-Help.xml
Module Name: Microsoft.Graph.Entra
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/Microsoft.Graph.Entra/Remove-EntraBetaFeatureRolloutPolicy
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy

## Synopsis

Allows an admin to remove the policy for cloud authentication roll-out in Microsoft Entra ID.

## Syntax

```powershell
Remove-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy 
 -Id <String> 
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

> An admin uses the `Remove-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy` cmdlet to remove the cloud authentication roll-out policy and have all users where policy applied to be free of the policy.
> Users in groups that were assigned to the policy falls back to the global authentication method (most common case will be federation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An admin uses the `Remove-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy` cmdlet to remove the cloud authentication rollout policy. This frees all users previously affected by the policy. 

Users in the groups that were assigned to the policy will revert to the global authentication method, typically federation.
```

ms.reviewer: stevemutungi
manager: CelesteDG
author: msewaweru

external help file: Microsoft.Graph.Entra-Help.xml
Module Name: Microsoft.Graph.Entra
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/Microsoft.Graph.Entra/Remove-EntraBetaFeatureRolloutPolicy
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy

## Synopsis

Allows an admin to remove the policy for cloud authentication roll-out in Microsoft Entra ID.

## Syntax

```powershell
Remove-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy 
 -Id <String> 
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

An admin uses the `Remove-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy` cmdlet to remove the cloud authentication rollout policy. This frees all users previously affected by the policy. 

Users in the groups that were assigned to the policy will revert to the global authentication method, typically federation.

## Examples

### Example 1: Removes the policy for cloud authentication roll-out in Microsoft Entra ID

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Directory.ReadWrite.All'
Remove-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy -Id 'aaaaaaaa-0000-1111-2222-bbbbbbbbbbbb'
```

This example removes the policy for cloud authentication roll-out in Microsoft Entra ID.

> - `-Id` - Specifies the unique identifier of the cloud authentication roll-out policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-Id` - specifies the unique identifier of the cloud authentication roll-out policy. You can use `Get-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy` to retrieve policy details.
```
